but birds are not the only creatures in
the air there are also small furry
mammals bats like these in Texas
they are so competent in the air that
they have just made a journey from
Mexico a thousand miles away simply in
order to rear their young in this cave
which is particularly suitable for them
as a nursery just now they're flying out
to catch their evening meal of insects
but they have better be careful because
in the skies above them there lurks a
creature that can outfly them it is of
course a bird a red-tailed hawk that's
with their fluttering zigzag flight are
not easy targets and the hawk needs all
its aerobatic skills and powers of
concentration if it is to snatch one out
of the confusing voltage
[Music]
you
that is one that that will not return to
the roost tonight
the red-tail lives beside the caves and
is well practiced in bat catching
this prairie falcon on the other hand is
a visitor but it's learning fast
[Music]
unlike the hawk it chooses to eat its
meals on the wing